[Music]
hello guys it's me again well it's been
rough for me you noted but I finally
found some time from my social life and
friends to tell you once again why I
hate Munich raft and wine sucks well the
graphics suck didn't sit and it's very
unrealistic in like modern warfare 3
where there is even bullet drop first
augmenta craft is for kids and
unrealistic and shit and has bad
graphics also the monsters are very
unrealistic and have very bad graphics
and go on fire which is very unrealistic
and a very bad graphics and the nights
are very bad and boring let's go to a
place what everything is made of blocks
why the fuck would you want to play a
game that is made entirely by big-ass
blocks with the only limit is your
imagination moving by the way you can't
even fucking swim let's go wherever you
want to go just look at that this is
real life an animated trailer because it
has the same graphics as the game
than his sugared graphics also all you
battled while Dukes call our beauty is
much better well I think it's obvious I
proved my point but also just look at
the difference between the graphics and
realism on dogs
[Music]
I mean just look do you see why go back
to bad graphics like minercraft when we
can play Batman in Need for Speed and
Assassin's Creed and Call of Duty has
better graphics than gonna craft boring
by the way I don't have a microphone my
mom broke it no dating
[Music]
everybody